The Joe Rogan experience.
Steep a D C. That's a great fight too. That's a super fight. Yeah. That's a,
super fight. We talked about all these super fights. That's a legit super fight.
Yeah.
That is a super fight. Right? It's such a close.
Fight.
Undefeated at heavyweight was a former world champion from strike force.
It's also, when you see DC Resser Volkov and you go, oh,
there are levels to this kid.
You got time, you got time. You got time.
Now you got time to work on your wrestling. I'm just kidding. I love Ivanka.
But the thing is funny though. It's funny, but he actually looked really good.
Like really good. I've been in that clench with DC and that is no picnic.
He threw me around like a ragdoll.
He did real good until he didn't do good anymore.
Then DC did exactly what he said. He was gonna do it by the end of the round.
He had his neck and he just was saved by the bell.
And then when we went to the second round, you know,
you could tell what was coming off. His D C, D C is amazing. He's amazing.
That just shows you how great Jon Jones is.
That's that's the whole top of the pyramid. If you're talking Jones,
the top of the spear and you go, what? Jesus.
What is this guy? And John and John train for one week. He was high off his.
Yeah, listen, how good he.
Is. He's a wizard. He's on another.
Level. Best of all, time, PDs things phenomenal. However, with these,
if you're John, you're sitting at home right now in your underwear,
think about the bad decisions you've made in your hope, your hope,
hopefully that you're going to get back in the UFC.
DC's taking your career path because John always wanted to go to heavyweight,
wanting to fight Steve. They want to do all the. DC goes, oh, cool,
hold my beer. And then just does his thing. You know.
Can you imagine how big DC will be Dick pills? John,
John comes back a DCP to Tim. Do you know, big QP?
Do you know crazy? That would be, that'd.
Be crazy about the fight.
At heavyweight.
Well, they're going to fight at heavyweight. You think so? Yeah. Decent.
Cow. There's a 95% chance that John Jones fights in the UFC in 2018.
So you're saying it a chance.
There's a chance. That's his agent though. You know what I'm saying? Jim Carey.
So you're telling me there's a chance. You can't really listen to agents.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That guy, first of all, don't be the next rock.
He's full of. You know, if you talk to him on the greatest thing,
walking this earth.
It is entirely possible that he accidentally took.
And people were saying that I'm being paid to say this,
and I'm gonna tell you right now, UFC,
UFC's never paid me to say anything other than the truth.
The reality about it is they don't know what he took.
They don't know what happened. They don't know why, how he got it.
And the theory that I talked about is just a rumor that was going around,
that someone was trying to explain one way it could have happened.
And it's through tainted creatine.
That was backed up by Novitzky the golden snitch. Who's his actual employee.
Do the see, but also when you say you're not paid,
why do UFC does not pay to say anything on this podcast? No,
you're a commentator. Yeah. They're not.
But here's the thing to their credit. They've never tried. They've never, ever,
ever tried. Well, they know better,
but if they ever talked to me about something, it's something we all agree with.
Like, you know, like maybe Dana and I have conversations about like,
this is a big fight. Um, are you pumped for this? I'm like, dude,
I can't even wait. Are you kidding me? Kept putting, like, he might have,
dude, I've talked to him about it in the past.
Once you start insulting him and with him and he's like, I'm busy,
he's forgiving. No, you got to talk to him. He.
Paid me.
More. No, he does. I hope he doesn't. He probably think if we can do,
if Ben and him sat down and I could be there, maybe I could help.
That'd be the middleman I would do that.
I would a hundred percent be willing to do that when I was.
Going through the Reebok there.
Yeah. Yeah. I think Ben is, uh, under
underutilized and not understood and under appreciated.
That's what I think it's a real shame too. Cause th th the father's time,
you know, you can't wait that long.
Did you see what he did to Korskoff you see what he did to Lima?
These are top flight, super powerful guys. He ragdolled them.
And cubby once gives us 5 55 and go to 70 what's up.
And, you know, he had that interesting conversation, uh, about when he fought,
um, Jay Huron, which is his toughest fight in Beltour split decision.
But he said he wasn't wrestling. He said, he up. He said,
he's just trying to work on striking. And his wrestling was off. And I was like,
that's incredible that someone is good as him still needs to be constantly doing
it to stay sharp. I forgot what.
Got you to.
The dance. I'm like, that's amazing. And so ever since then,
he's concentrated on his wrestling and she's taking everybody down.
Like when he concentrates on his wrestling and he's constantly doing it.
That's the way to do it. And even, even a Curtis blade, I text you. I'm like,
dude, this Australia card is ridiculous. Yeah. It was eight on it.
Get it over with, but the card was amazing, but Curtis blade goes, listen, man,
you guys want to Boomi hate tell you I don't enjoy getting punched in the face.
I'm not trying to get punched in the face. Now I'm just trying to get by anyone.
I'm just trying to get paid.
How good is Curtis blades chance? The beard dude, he took some shots,
Mark Hunt, put it on.
Him and lasted him. He was almost out of it.
And he gets the double like. Yeah, that's what you're supposed to do.
This is fighting. That's exactly what yeah.
We're supposed to do. And I'm biased as as Curtis from my, from my old camp.
And I see those guys, I talked to him and tell him how much of a monster is.
And I love mark. I didn't want anyone to lose that fight.
When I see Mark Hunt taken down, it's Mark Hunt to me is like the white rhino,
the last white line. Now, you know what I'm saying?
He's the last remaining white rhino. We got to protect this guy.
Don't give him the, just wrestler. He's a legend.
Don't give him that guy. Give him Francis. Let's see how that plays out.
Give him Jay, you know, not JDS, but you know what I'm saying? Yeah.
How dare you give him a Juco national champion and send it to Australia. Huh?
Jerry. He almost won by knockout though. In Mark's hard to take down.
I think it was a good test. I think it was an important test. Look,
they tried to do the same thing with Derrick Lewis. They gave Derrick Lewis,
a tested Mark Hunt, Mark Hunt, shut him down and stopped him. Derrick Lewis,
one of the best heavyweights in the division. Bet. One of the best heavyweights.
Not one of the best wrestlers. Right?
But he still is one of the best guys. One of the he's a knockout artist and a,
a promising up and coming guy. They given the mark on. He cannot get past mark
[inaudible]. But if it happened in Australia with all his fans, they're
from New Zealand, dude, that's a big fight for him. It's a smart fight. I fight
for who? For both guys, Mark Hunt one
. If he connected with a couple shots, more or of
Curtis, was it wasn't as tough and as good as he is. He could have
knocked at anybody at that night for.
Curtis. It's a smart fight, right? For Marcus smart.
Fight. Really?
He's already a legend.
Like buddies, but if he wins the way almost won by nine in Australia, it,
it jumps you up even further. Not really he's right. Fifth.
You know what I'm saying?
But the excitement of the Perth crowd you're as good as your last fight.
If he had two Kaos in a row like that, to be.
The degree to.
Me stylistically, I understand what you're saying,
but he's 40 and he's legitimately one or two big wins away from another title
shot. Think about what you have, right? You have DC versus steep.
A whoever fights that who they're going to fight next, Mark Hunt knocks out,
hold on a second. He knocks out him and then he knocks out someone next.
Like who could it be? Okay, well you could try Overeem again.
But the problem with Omer him fighting for the title again is he just lost his
deep bay by knockout. And then he just lost a Francis by down there as.
Well. Yeah.
You've got some real interesting fights,
but all it would take was Mark Hunt to beat one of those top guys.
And he's in consideration. Again, there's a small pool. They're super so small.
That's why Overeem keeps getting shuffled back to top as tough as he is.
And it's not taking anything away from him. There's not a lot of,
there's not a lot of lies being fed into the top tiers of the group. There's no.
New blood really.
Well. It's hard. It's a hard division to find talented guys.
I think have the most difficult division or heavy.
I think heavyweights better off than light heavyweight.
Look at light heavyweights like Jesus Christ.
That's a shark tank. Light heavyweights got a lot of crazy going on right now.
Right? Like what happens if DC loses our leaves rather do seem to get a.
Wind Belton.
Bounce.
So if he goes to heavyweight and stays in heavy winds bounces and think of that,
man, this is crazy, right? Imagine Kane going to tool five.
That's not happening. Maybe he's too old. He's going to find a heavyweight.
Boy for them. Tacos. Come on, Kane. I've seen that. I see that show.
That dude eats. He gets down with that Mexican dinner.
I don't blame a man. He's earned it. However, Cain or fight or what?
He's not going to fight for the title right away.
He's going to fight once this year and then hopefully a title fight.
But then I think what they're planning on is DC beats, Steve bay,
vacates the belt and then in or fight for the interim belt towards the end of
the year or be in the early next year.
Steep aide is not wanting to hear that kind of talk.
People just loves to overlook. [inaudible] it's funny.
The heavyweight division though. It's land of the dinosaurs and then like.
Heavyweight. Well,
Francis is terrifying for everyone on the planet other than steep Emile chick.
No.
No, no. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye.
So Francis woods would lose I'm back off the train.
So Francis you're off the and laugh that train. I didn't know.
He can't wrestle at all. I think he was, he was like,
how do you spell wrestling? Listen. So Curtis blades smokes them.
Cain Velasquez smokes them.
Smokes. Who? Francis? Yes. All day. Really?
So you think Curtis blades when they fought the first time,
just wasn't ready for them.
But remember they got stopped via doctor. Stop it right in the second round.
I think he goes, hold up, you have zero rustling.
You just hit myths and lift weights and talk to the employees at the USC
Institute. Yeah. I'm going to wrestle your.
I want to point out that I do not agree with that assessment.
I'm sure he trained his wrestling. I'm sure he was in the best shape.
He could be snow.
He told me nothing.
I think he burned down the first round. I mean, I've watched it.
He's definitely need some water.
There's no technique is wrestling there from the very get go. If his,
his sheer strength got him through some of those take downs,
but you look at his hand placements, hips. It's not there. Now. It can come.
It's it's a tough business to be in and try and pick that those skills up.
And you look at the list. You know, Derek Lewis, he can, he can double it.
Your are handoffs. A good matchup. Curtis blades nightmare came last year.
Nightmare for Bree silver doom, nightmare, Al Stover, him can wrestle.
If he wants to Steve bay, obviously nightmare. We saw what he did to him.
The thing is he's so powerful that every
one of them could get 90 knighted with one shot, a sports evolve. My.
Sport is Debby world champion to be world.
Champion.
But you're looking at it through the eyes of someone who fought steep Emile
chick, right? He fought steep, Emile chick steep, a figured him out,
Steve bay beat him. Right? But Steve bay is a very,
very unusual character.
And there's some shots that he got hit with hit with in that fight that a lot of
dudes would not have been able to take. I agree with that.
However, if for RESO gets you on the ground and I promise you,
if you get him down that often he would have choked Francis unconscious.
That's a different animal on the ground. So his cane.
Though, [inaudible] On the ground. He, you know,
he's not a big finisher he's going to do,
he's going to you up and he's gonna wear you out, but he's not a huge finish.
You don't look for submissions France or I'm sorry for doom will get ahold of
your neck permission. And then think about Kane,
his ground pounds for Roche Roche.
Yeah, super accurate. And the, the re the, the reps he puts in, bang, bang,
bang, bang. You know, he breaks you.
Yeah. We're, [inaudible] very controlled. He's going to take you down.
He didn't give a.
Yeah. Kane has a crazy output. Like his outputs disturbing nuts. You know,
you w you watch the, the,
the sheer volume and the pace of the takedowns and chaining takedowns together
and beating you up on the way down. You're like, wow. Um, uh,
Javier Mendez said this once we were,
were in the back and it was him and crazy Bob cook. And I was like, dude, I go,
I think he was just, he was, I forget who it was that he fought. Uh, but I said,
I think he was just expecting to ride the storm out, you know, like,
cause he just couldn't keep up with Kane. And uh, Javier goes,
this storm doesn't ever go away. However, he goes, that storm is there forever.
Like you don't understand, there's no ride in this stuff.
You better just tear down and try to match it. And he's like.
I mean, they even talk openly about it. Like he's a freak,
like he'll take three weeks off, come back. He just runs through buddy nuts.
There's something going on. There's something going.
On unless you fly to Mexico. Yeah. There's something going on. Wow. That was a.
Mess, man. Nobody could do that. Nobody even cardio Kane,
can't go to 7,000 feet without being there for awhile. It's just.
It's just not thinking about that. Relentless.
I don't mean to interrupt you so about the real relentless approach in DCS
fights. Very similar against Steve bay. And that to me,
that's where I look. I see when it first came out. Oh my God.
It's a super fight. Let me think about this. One more of my initial thoughts.
I always go, what's my initial thoughts. What most people are going to think?
Well, Steve bay has knockout power. His wrestling's good.
He puts everything together well, but the cardio of DCS, give me an issue.
If DC can get past that third round, that's a big, you know.
Because that's tremendous cardio,
but so does Steve bay and here's the other thing, does he think about steep?
A what we was able to do with Francis? Right?
He caught Francis who is the most dangerous kind of division standing up and the
most dangerous guy in terms of making mistakes, hands down.
He caught him with some strong shots, tagged him several times.
And now think of the difference than size, which is steep bay in DC.
You got a guy who he's, he's finding out it doesn't hit as hard.
DC's definitely formidable on the feet. And he showed that in the,
the Volkan fight. He cracked Vulcan he's his standup is very good,
but he's not absolutely terrifying with his punches technician. Right? Well,
he is a technician. I think he gets away with it.
[Inaudible] leave his hips and a pull back heavy.
We're going to be a little trouble now saying that he is on the field as the
heavyweight side.
Well, I was, I was very impressed with his hands in the Volkan fight.
He was the one that was landing shots. So he played that game. Yeah. Right.
Invokana is dangerous. His standup is very, very dangerous.
So I was I'm impressed with him. I think he is a technician,
but he's like five 11 steep,
a six for Steve Bay's long.
And he's very good at knocking out heavyweights.
I'm thinking the way Steve bay knocked out for doom,
the way Steve bay was able to crack Francis Overeem dude,
he's a beast when he does Santos, what he did to him, what he did to Mark Hunt.
Yes. Our Lawsky what he did to our Lawsky to it. He's a beast.
The guys heavyweight.
Of all time in the UFC.